Adding some corrections to DBaaS (#1661)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/dbaas/backups.md

deleted (not yet implemented). In the future, it will only be possible to delete backups automatically,
users will not be able to manually delete their own backups.

The backups are stored encrypted in Allas.

You can manage your backups from the CLI and the web-interface.

## Risks

Be aware that the backup feature is still in development and should not be used for anything remotely sensitive or important.

> * Backups are stored encrypted in Allas. This is worth to keep in mind if you want to take your own backup (you should probably store them somewhere else than Allas nor cPouta).

Reviewer: I think this is an incorrect use of nor. My recommendation:

```suggestion
Backups are stored encrypted in Allas. This is worth keeping in mind if you want to make your own backups (you should probably store them somewhere else than Allas or cPouta).`

Author: Update as suggested.

* When "restoring" a backup it will create a new instance with a new IP. So be aware that you might need to update your egress firewalls in your service.
* If you have any concerns, do not hesitate to contact [CSC Service Desk](../../support/contact.md).

> * All your database data and backups are stored in the CSC Kajaani datacenter. If the datacenter "implode" you will lose all your data.

Reviewer: This should be "implodes", and probably be followed by a comma. And maybe a different expression:

```suggestion
* All your database data and backups are stored in the CSC Kajaani datacenter. If the datacenter has catastrophic data loss, you may lose all your data.
```

Author: Update as suggested.

* If you are using the DBaaS service for really important projects/data, it is worth considering to also take your own backups that are stored somewhere else than CSC in case of disaster.

## Manual backups

> Backups can be taken manually.

Reviewer: Usually backups are "made", so
```suggestion
Backups can be made manually.
```
